TODO:
Remove all warnings one way or another
Comment + diagram
Need to find party better (i.e. not go down or backwards (never observed))
Clean it all up baby
Creating .tem files?
Put in new contract
Change to a different way of clearing visual finsts
Remake non visual grouping voting methods to use visual grouping?
Figure out documentation
Ask about problems
Ok to make git public? Not pressing, easier to ask forgiveness than permission
Get emaccs
All the big stuff: stored in the ol' nogin--> I should probably write it all down:
Create other methods
Add real races
Compare statistics to actual
Start adding other ways, perhaps using super and sub groups
Make structure more general, or maybe just define transfers between groups better--> only imaginal and goal buffers? Then can send control from one to any and get more freedom. 
Maybe send it through production that clears everything except these things, although might not be optimal for general conglumerations (would do it for simplicity)
Rewrite ballot method/learn lisp/get results + split into two files (noise and no noise)
Overall encoding --> really need that closest to object, runs into lots of problems and weird workarounds --> also need super and sub groups
Make encoding work with one candidate
Fix the cheating in macronavigation --> can we even figure out a way that doesn't cheat without the two things we need

Problems --> talk about in paper:
Names for groups for different object types (oval, text observed) repeat counts
Reloading/resetting/running again slows it down
Need a better nearest method: now goes from centers, this caused lots of problems
Would really be good to not use this at all and use super and sub groups: perhaps try every single possible radius and find points of inflection where number of groups is changing the fastest? Something like this, should work 100% for no noise and okish for noise --> nearest-center
Confusion in names of models like serial_party and serial_retrieve-party: how is retrieve-party and retrieve-recognize-party different?
Can make grouping versions very quickly: should I?

When pasting in:
Delete before and after the start voting section
Change vbp-moved-to-candidate to moved-to-candidate
Change find-next-race to 
Delete productions which have goal state moved-to-candidate as a condition
Switch the state the abstain production sets the goal to from ready-to-advance to find-next-race
Optional: Delete the past-end-state production (to remove warnings)


Simple procedure but would have to repeat many times for all combinations: write a python (lisp!) script?
Delete to-do? use notepad++ regex replace, to-do.*?$ and blank

For essay:
Problem
What I did
How it turned out --> error report
What does it mean --> future implications
Work super hard on this and publish on website?

Vote function: small noise, big noise, real time, use model (optional)
(vote 0 0 t)    Human demonstration
(vote 0 0 t t)  Model demonstration, normal ballot, normal speed
(vote 1 6 t t)  Model demonstration, ballot with noise, normal speed
(vote 1 6 nil t) Model demonstration, ballot with noise, fast speed

